fix(docs): Fix copy-paste documentation for "switch breakout room" en… (#8807)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/breakout-rooms.md

## Switch to a different breakout room (as non moderator)

> This endpoint allows participants to switch between breakout rooms when they are "free to join" and not randomly or manually assigned by the moderator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint allows participants to switch between breakout rooms when they are allowed to choose room and not automatically or manually assigned by the moderator.
```
